Remove middleware injection (#41)
combinaut/rehearsal: README.md

## Setup

This gem is middleware and needs to be injected manually to ensure it sits in the correct order within your middleware stack.

e.g. in application.rb:

```
require 'rehearsal/middleware'

config.middleware.use Rehearsal::Middleware
```

> Rehearsal will need to be inserted before any middleware that modifies the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Rehearsal makes additional calls down the middleware stack, typical usage is to insert it before any middleware that modifies incoming requests.
```
